docs/data-sources/app.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_app Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App data source can be used together with Assignment Group(s) to assign App(s) to the group(s).
---

# simplemdm_app (Data Source)

App data source can be used together with Assignment Group(s) to assign App(s) to the group(s).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Query account-specific app only (default behavior)
data "simplemdm_app" "myapp" {
  id = "123456"
}

# Query including shared catalog apps
data "simplemdm_app" "shared_app" {
  id             = "789012"
  include_shared = true
}

output "app_store_identifier" {
  description = "Apple App Store ID associated with the app."
  value       = data.simplemdm_app.myapp.app_store_id
}

output "app_installation_channels" {
  description = "Deployment channels supported by the app."
  value       = data.simplemdm_app.myapp.installation_channels
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the attribute.

### Optional

- `include_shared` (Boolean) Include apps from the SimpleMDM shared catalog. When set to true, the data source will query apps available in the shared catalog in addition to account-specific apps. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `app_store_id` (String) The Apple App Store ID associated with the app.
- `app_type` (String) The catalog classification of the app, for example app store, enterprise, or custom b2b.
- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the app.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was added to SimpleMDM.
- `deploy_to` (String) Where the app is deployed (none, outdated, or all).
- `installation_channels` (List of String) The deployment channels supported by the app.
- `name` (String) The name of the attribute.
- `platform_support` (String) The platform supported by the app, such as iOS or macOS.
- `processing_status` (String) The current processing status of the app binary within SimpleMDM.
- `status` (String) The current deployment status of the app.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was last updated in SimpleMDM.
- `version` (String) The latest version reported by SimpleMDM for the app.

Commit message:

docs(app): Update documentation for app resource and data sources
- Update resource documentation to clarify binary file requirements and processing behavior
- Document that deploy_to and status are write-only parameters not returned by API
- Add note about automatic processing wait for binary uploads
- Add created_at and updated_at fields to apps data source documentation
- Improve descriptions and examples throughout
- Addresses documentation aspects of BUG-APP-003, BUG-APP-011, BUG-APP-017, BUG-APP-018

docs/data-sources/app.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_app Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App data source can be used together with Assignment Group(s) to assign App(s) to the group(s).
---

# simplemdm_app (Data Source)

App data source can be used together with Assignment Group(s) to assign App(s) to the group(s).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Query account-specific app only (default behavior)
data "simplemdm_app" "myapp" {
  id = "123456"
}

# Query including shared catalog apps
data "simplemdm_app" "shared_app" {
  id             = "789012"
  include_shared = true
}

output "app_store_identifier" {
  description = "Apple App Store ID associated with the app."
  value       = data.simplemdm_app.myapp.app_store_id
}

output "app_installation_channels" {
  description = "Deployment channels supported by the app."
  value       = data.simplemdm_app.myapp.installation_channels
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the attribute.

### Optional

- `include_shared` (Boolean) Include apps from the SimpleMDM shared catalog. When set to true, the data source will query apps available in the shared catalog in addition to account-specific apps. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `app_store_id` (String) The Apple App Store ID associated with the app.
- `app_type` (String) The catalog classification of the app, for example app store, enterprise, or custom b2b.
- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the app.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was added to SimpleMDM.
- `deploy_to` (String) Where the app is deployed (none, outdated, or all). Note: This is a write-only parameter; API does not return this value.
- `installation_channels` (List of String) The deployment channels supported by the app.
- `name` (String) The name of the attribute.
- `platform_support` (String) The platform supported by the app, such as iOS or macOS.
- `processing_status` (String) The current processing status of the app binary within SimpleMDM.
- `status` (String) The current deployment status of the app. Note: This is a write-only parameter; API does not return this value.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was last updated in SimpleMDM.
- `version` (String) The latest version reported by SimpleMDM for the app.
