docs/data-sources/apps.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_apps Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the collection of apps from your SimpleMDM account, with optional filtering by shared catalog.
---

# simplemdm_apps (Data Source)

Fetches the collection of apps from your SimpleMDM account, with optional filtering by shared catalog.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all apps in your SimpleMDM account
data "simplemdm_apps" "all" {}

# Output the first app's name
output "first_app_name" {
  value = length(data.simplemdm_apps.all.apps) > 0 ? data.simplemdm_apps.all.apps[0].name : "No apps found"
}

# Output all app IDs
output "app_ids" {
  value = [for app in data.simplemdm_apps.all.apps : app.id]
}
```

```terraform
# List all apps including shared catalog apps
data "simplemdm_apps" "all_with_shared" {
  include_shared = true
}

# Filter apps by type
output "app_store_apps" {
  value = [for app in data.simplemdm_apps.all_with_shared.apps : app.name if app.app_type == "app store"]
}

# Filter apps by platform
output "ios_apps" {
  value = [for app in data.simplemdm_apps.all_with_shared.apps : app.name if app.platform_support == "iOS"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `include_shared` (Boolean) Include apps from the SimpleMDM shared catalog. When set to true, the data source will query apps available in the shared catalog in addition to account-specific apps. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `apps` (Block List) Collection of app records returned by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--apps))

<a id="nestedblock--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps`

Read-Only:

- `app_store_id` (String) The Apple App Store ID associated with the app.
- `app_type` (String) The catalog classification of the app (e.g., app store, enterprise, custom b2b).
- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the app.
- `id` (String) App identifier.
- `installation_channels` (List of String) The deployment channels supported by the app.
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `platform_support` (String) The platform supported by the app (iOS, macOS, etc.).
- `processing_status` (String) The current processing status of the app binary within SimpleMDM.
- `version` (String) The latest version reported by SimpleMDM for the app.

Commit message:

docs(app): Update documentation for app resource and data sources
- Update resource documentation to clarify binary file requirements and processing behavior
- Document that deploy_to and status are write-only parameters not returned by API
- Add note about automatic processing wait for binary uploads
- Add created_at and updated_at fields to apps data source documentation
- Improve descriptions and examples throughout
- Addresses documentation aspects of BUG-APP-003, BUG-APP-011, BUG-APP-017, BUG-APP-018

docs/data-sources/apps.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_apps Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the collection of apps from your SimpleMDM account, with optional filtering by shared catalog.
---

# simplemdm_apps (Data Source)

Fetches the collection of apps from your SimpleMDM account, with optional filtering by shared catalog.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all apps in your SimpleMDM account
data "simplemdm_apps" "all" {}

# Output the first app's name
output "first_app_name" {
  value = length(data.simplemdm_apps.all.apps) > 0 ? data.simplemdm_apps.all.apps[0].name : "No apps found"
}

# Output all app IDs
output "app_ids" {
  value = [for app in data.simplemdm_apps.all.apps : app.id]
}
```

```terraform
# List all apps including shared catalog apps
data "simplemdm_apps" "all_with_shared" {
  include_shared = true
}

# Filter apps by type
output "app_store_apps" {
  value = [for app in data.simplemdm_apps.all_with_shared.apps : app.name if app.app_type == "app store"]
}

# Filter apps by platform
output "ios_apps" {
  value = [for app in data.simplemdm_apps.all_with_shared.apps : app.name if app.platform_support == "iOS"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `include_shared` (Boolean) Include apps from the SimpleMDM shared catalog. When set to true, the data source will query apps available in the shared catalog in addition to account-specific apps. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `apps` (Block List) Collection of app records returned by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--apps))

<a id="nestedblock--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps`

Read-Only:

- `app_store_id` (String) The Apple App Store ID associated with the app.
- `app_type` (String) The catalog classification of the app (e.g., app store, enterprise, custom b2b).
- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the app.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was added to SimpleMDM.
- `id` (String) App identifier.
- `installation_channels` (List of String) The deployment channels supported by the app.
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `platform_support` (String) The platform supported by the app (iOS, macOS, etc.).
- `processing_status` (String) The current processing status of the app binary within SimpleMDM.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was last updated in SimpleMDM.
- `version` (String) The latest version reported by SimpleMDM for the app.
