docs/data-sources/customdeclaration.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customdeclaration Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Declaration data source retrieves Declarative Device Management custom declarations from SimpleMDM.
---

# simplemdm_customdeclaration (Data Source)

Custom Declaration data source retrieves Declarative Device Management custom declarations from SimpleMDM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Reference custom declaration for device assignment
data "simplemdm_customdeclaration" "company_policy" {
  id = "123456"
}

resource "simplemdm_customdeclaration_device_assignment" "apply_policy" {
  custom_declaration_id = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.id
  device_id             = "789012"
}

output "declaration_details" {
  description = "Custom declaration configuration details"
  value = {
    id                = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.id
    name              = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.name
    identifier        = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.identifier
    declaration_type  = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.declaration_type
    platforms         = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.platforms
    user_scope        = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.user_scope
    attribute_support = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.attribute_support
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the declaration to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `activation_predicate` (String) Predicate that controls when the declaration activates on a device.
- `active` (Boolean) Whether the declaration is active.
- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Whether variable expansion is enabled for the declaration payload.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the declaration was created in SimpleMDM.
- `data` (String) JSON payload of the declaration data.
- `declaration_type` (String) Declaration type reported to Apple devices.
- `description` (String) Description of the declaration.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the declaration.
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Whether custom variable values are escaped before being delivered.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the declaration.
- `identifier` (String) Unique declaration identifier.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the declaration.
- `payload` (String) Alias that mirrors the JSON payload returned by the SimpleMDM download endpoint.
- `platforms` (Set of String) List of platforms that receive the declaration.
- `priority` (Number) Priority value used for ordering declarations.
- `profile_identifier` (String) Identifier assigned by SimpleMDM for tracking the declaration profile.
- `topic` (String) Topic used for declarative management payloads.
- `transport` (String) Transport mechanism for the declaration.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the declaration was last updated in SimpleMDM.
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Whether the declaration is scoped to users (true) or devices (false).

Commit message:

fix(customdeclaration): Update documentation and examples to reflect API-compliant implementation
- Remove references to fabricated fields (identifier, platforms, topic, description, active, priority, transport, created_at, updated_at)
- Update resource documentation to show only API-supported fields
- Update data source documentation to match actual implementation
- Fix examples to use 'payload' instead of 'data'
- Add reinstall_after_os_update field to examples
- Update test cases to remove fabricated fields

This addresses BUG-CD-005, BUG-CD-006, and BUG-CD-014 from the bug analysis.

docs/data-sources/customdeclaration.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customdeclaration Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Declaration data source retrieves Declarative Device Management custom declarations from SimpleMDM.
---

# simplemdm_customdeclaration (Data Source)

Custom Declaration data source retrieves Declarative Device Management custom declarations from SimpleMDM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Reference custom declaration for device assignment
data "simplemdm_customdeclaration" "company_policy" {
  id = "123456"
}

resource "simplemdm_customdeclaration_device_assignment" "apply_policy" {
  custom_declaration_id = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.id
  device_id             = "789012"
}

output "declaration_details" {
  description = "Custom declaration configuration details"
  value = {
    id                = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.id
    name              = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.name
    declaration_type  = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.declaration_type
    user_scope        = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.user_scope
    attribute_support = data.simplemdm_customdeclaration.company_policy.attribute_support
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the declaration to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `activation_predicate` (String) Predicate that controls when the declaration activates on a device.
- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Whether variable expansion is enabled for the declaration payload.
- `declaration_type` (String) The type of declaration being defined.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the declaration.
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Whether custom variable values are escaped before being delivered.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the declaration.
- `name` (String) A name for the custom declaration.
- `payload` (String) The JSON payload for the declaration.
- `profile_identifier` (String) Identifier assigned by SimpleMDM for tracking the declaration profile.
- `reinstall_after_os_update` (Boolean) Whether to reinstall the declaration after macOS updates.
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Whether the declaration is scoped to users (true) or devices (false).
