docs/data-sources/customprofiles.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customprofiles Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the collection of custom configuration profiles from your SimpleMDM account.
---

# simplemdm_customprofiles (Data Source)

Fetches the collection of custom configuration profiles from your SimpleMDM account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_customprofiles" "all" {
}

output "custom_profile_count" {
  value = length(data.simplemdm_customprofiles.all.custom_profiles)
}

output "custom_profile_names" {
  value = [for profile in data.simplemdm_customprofiles.all.custom_profiles : profile.name]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `custom_profiles` (Block List) Collection of custom profile records returned by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_profiles))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_profiles`

Read-Only:

- `attributesupport` (Boolean) Indicates whether variable substitution is enabled for the profile.
- `devicecount` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to this profile.
- `escapeattributes` (Boolean) Indicates whether custom attribute values are escaped when substituted into the profile.
- `groupcount` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to this profile.
- `id` (String) Custom profile identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the custom profile.
- `profileidentifier` (String) Profile identifier assigned by SimpleMDM.
- `reinstallafterosupdate` (Boolean) Whether the profile reinstalls automatically after macOS updates.
- `userscope` (Boolean) Whether the profile deploys as a user profile for macOS devices.

Commit message:

Fix BUG-CP-004: Update schema field names to snake_case (BREAKING CHANGE)
Changed all custom profile field names from concatenated lowercase (e.g.,
userscope, attributesupport) to snake_case (e.g., user_scope, attribute_support)
to align with Terraform conventions and API naming.

This is a breaking change that affects:
- Resource: simplemdm_customprofile
- Data sources: simplemdm_customprofile, simplemdm_customprofiles
- All documentation and examples

Updated field names:
- userscope -> user_scope
- attributesupport -> attribute_support
- escapeattributes -> escape_attributes
- reinstallafterosupdate -> reinstall_after_os_update
- profileidentifier -> profile_identifier
- groupcount -> group_count
- devicecount -> device_count
- profilesha -> profile_sha

docs/data-sources/customprofiles.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customprofiles Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the collection of custom configuration profiles from your SimpleMDM account.
---

# simplemdm_customprofiles (Data Source)

Fetches the collection of custom configuration profiles from your SimpleMDM account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_customprofiles" "all" {
}

output "custom_profile_count" {
  value = length(data.simplemdm_customprofiles.all.custom_profiles)
}

output "custom_profile_names" {
  value = [for profile in data.simplemdm_customprofiles.all.custom_profiles : profile.name]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `custom_profiles` (Block List) Collection of custom profile records returned by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_profiles))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_profiles`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether variable substitution is enabled for the profile.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to this profile.
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Indicates whether custom attribute values are escaped when substituted into the profile.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to this profile.
- `id` (String) Custom profile identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the custom profile.
- `profile_identifier` (String) Profile identifier assigned by SimpleMDM.
- `reinstall_after_os_update` (Boolean) Whether the profile reinstalls automatically after macOS updates.
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Whether the profile deploys as a user profile for macOS devices.
