docs/data-sources/device_users.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_device_users Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves user accounts currently configured on a macOS device.
---

# simplemdm_device_users (Data Source)

Retrieves user accounts currently configured on a macOS device.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_device_users" "users" {
  device_id = "123456"
}

output "secure_token_users" {
  value = [
    for user in data.simplemdm_device_users.users.users :
    jsondecode(user.attributes_json).username
  ]
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query device users
data "simplemdm_device_users" "device_users" {
  device_id = "123456"
}

output "user_info" {
  description = "User information for the device"
  value = {
    total_users = length(data.simplemdm_device_users.device_users.users)
    users = [
      for user in data.simplemdm_device_users.device_users.users : {
        id        = user.id
        full_name = user.full_name
        user_name = user.user_name
        email     = user.email
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Identifier of the device.

### Read-Only

- `users` (Block List) Collection of user accounts present on the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users))

<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `attributes_json` (String) Raw attributes payload returned by the API in JSON format.
- `id` (String) User identifier.
- `type` (String) User resource type.

Commit message:

fix: device_users data source - add structured schema, validation, and platform warning
- Convert from unstructured attributes_json to structured schema with all user fields
- Add device_id validation (must be numeric string)
- Improve error messages with device context
- Add platform restriction warnings (macOS only) in schema and error messages
- Update documentation and examples to use structured attributes
- Note: Pagination already implemented in simplemdmext.listRelated()

Fixes BUG-DDU-002, BUG-DDU-003, BUG-DDU-004, BUG-DDU-005

docs/data-sources/device_users.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_device_users Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves user accounts currently configured on a macOS device. This endpoint only works for macOS devices and will fail for iOS/tvOS devices.
---

# simplemdm_device_users (Data Source)

Retrieves user accounts currently configured on a macOS device. This endpoint only works for macOS devices and will fail for iOS/tvOS devices.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_device_users" "users" {
  device_id = "123456"
}

output "secure_token_users" {
  value = [
    for user in data.simplemdm_device_users.users.users :
    user.username if user.secure_token
  ]
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query device users
data "simplemdm_device_users" "device_users" {
  device_id = "123456"  # Must be a macOS device
}

# Filter logged in users
locals {
  logged_in_users = [
    for user in data.simplemdm_device_users.device_users.users :
    user if user.logged_in
  ]
}

output "user_info" {
  description = "User information for the device"
  value = {
    total_users     = length(data.simplemdm_device_users.device_users.users)
    logged_in_users = length(local.logged_in_users)
    users = [
      for user in data.simplemdm_device_users.device_users.users : {
        username       = user.username
        full_name      = user.full_name
        secure_token   = user.secure_token
        logged_in      = user.logged_in
        mobile_account = user.mobile_account
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_id` (String) Identifier of the device. Note: This endpoint only supports macOS devices.

### Read-Only

- `users` (Block List) Collection of user accounts present on the device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--users))

<a id="nestedblock--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) User identifier.
- `type` (String) User resource type.
- `username` (String) Username of the account.
- `full_name` (String) Full name of the user.
- `uid` (Number) User ID (UID) of the account.
- `user_guid` (String) User GUID of the account.
- `data_quota` (Number) Data quota for the user in bytes.
- `data_used` (Number) Data used by the user in bytes.
- `data_to_sync` (Boolean) Whether the user has data to sync.
- `secure_token` (Boolean) Whether the user has a secure token.
- `logged_in` (Boolean) Whether the user is currently logged in.
- `mobile_account` (Boolean) Whether the user is a mobile account.
