docs/data-sources/enrollments.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_enrollments Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the collection of enrollments from your SimpleMDM account.
---

# simplemdm_enrollments (Data Source)

Fetches the collection of enrollments from your SimpleMDM account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_enrollments" "all" {
}

output "enrollment_count" {
  value = length(data.simplemdm_enrollments.all.enrollments)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `enrollments` (Block List) Collection of enrollment records returned by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enrollments))

<a id="nestedblock--enrollments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enrollments`

Read-Only:

- `account_driven` (Boolean) Whether enrollment is account driven.
- `authentication` (Boolean) Whether authentication is required.
- `device_group_id` (String) Device group associated with the enrollment.
- `device_id` (String) Device that used this enrollment link.
- `id` (String) Enrollment identifier.
- `url` (String) Enrollment URL for one-time enrollments.
- `user_enrollment` (Boolean) Whether this is a user enrollment.
- `welcome_screen` (Boolean) Whether welcome screen is shown.

Commit message:

docs(enrollment): Update documentation and examples for enrollment fixes
- Updated resource and data source documentation to reflect assignment_group_id support
- Enhanced descriptions to explain one-time vs account driven enrollments
- Updated examples to show both legacy device_group_id and modern assignment_group_id usage
- Added notes about invitation limitations for account driven enrollments
- Improved schema documentation with clearer descriptions and constraints

docs/data-sources/enrollments.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_enrollments Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches the collection of enrollments from your SimpleMDM account. One-time enrollments have a URL and can be used once. Account driven enrollments have a null URL and can be used multiple times.
---

# simplemdm_enrollments (Data Source)

Fetches the collection of enrollments from your SimpleMDM account. One-time enrollments have a URL and can be used once. Account driven enrollments have a null URL and can be used multiple times.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_enrollments" "all" {
}

output "enrollment_count" {
  value = length(data.simplemdm_enrollments.all.enrollments)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `enrollments` (Block List) Collection of enrollment records returned by the API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enrollments))

<a id="nestedblock--enrollments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enrollments`

Read-Only:

- `account_driven` (Boolean) Whether enrollment is account driven (URL is null).
- `assignment_group_id` (String) Assignment group associated with the enrollment (for New Groups Experience).
- `authentication` (Boolean) Whether authentication is required.
- `device_group_id` (String) Legacy device group associated with the enrollment (deprecated).
- `device_id` (String) Device that used this enrollment link.
- `id` (String) Enrollment identifier.
- `url` (String) Enrollment URL for one-time enrollments. Will be null for account driven enrollments.
- `user_enrollment` (Boolean) Whether this is a user enrollment.
- `welcome_screen` (Boolean) Whether welcome screen is shown.
