docs/data-sources/enrollment.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_enrollment Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Enrollment data source retrieves details for an existing SimpleMDM enrollment.
---

# simplemdm_enrollment (Data Source)

Enrollment data source retrieves details for an existing SimpleMDM enrollment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_enrollment" "by_id" {
  id = "1234"
}

output "enrollment_url" {
  value = data.simplemdm_enrollment.by_id.url
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query enrollment and use URL in automation
data "simplemdm_enrollment" "onboarding" {
  id = "1234"
}

# Share enrollment URL via output
output "onboarding_details" {
  description = "Enrollment details for new device onboarding"
  value = {
    id                 = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.id
    url                = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.url
    device_group_id    = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.device_group_id
    user_enrollment    = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.user_enrollment
    welcome_screen     = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.welcome_screen
    authentication     = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.authentication
    invitation_contact = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.invitation_contact
  }
  sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier of the enrollment to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `account_driven` (Boolean) True when the enrollment is account driven (URL is null).
- `authentication` (Boolean) Indicates whether authentication is required before enrollment.
- `device_group_id` (String) Identifier of the device group associated with the enrollment.
- `device_id` (String) Identifier of the device that used the enrollment, when applicable.
- `url` (String) Enrollment URL returned by SimpleMDM for one-time enrollments.
- `user_enrollment` (Boolean) Indicates whether the enrollment is a user enrollment.
- `welcome_screen` (Boolean) Indicates whether the welcome screen is displayed during enrollment.

Commit message:

docs(enrollment): Update documentation and examples for enrollment fixes
- Updated resource and data source documentation to reflect assignment_group_id support
- Enhanced descriptions to explain one-time vs account driven enrollments
- Updated examples to show both legacy device_group_id and modern assignment_group_id usage
- Added notes about invitation limitations for account driven enrollments
- Improved schema documentation with clearer descriptions and constraints

docs/data-sources/enrollment.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_enrollment Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Enrollment data source retrieves details for an existing SimpleMDM enrollment. One-time enrollments have a URL and can be used once. Account driven enrollments have a null URL and can be used multiple times.
---

# simplemdm_enrollment (Data Source)

Enrollment data source retrieves details for an existing SimpleMDM enrollment. One-time enrollments have a URL and can be used once. Account driven enrollments have a null URL and can be used multiple times.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_enrollment" "by_id" {
  id = "1234"
}

output "enrollment_url" {
  value = data.simplemdm_enrollment.by_id.url
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query enrollment and use URL in automation
data "simplemdm_enrollment" "onboarding" {
  id = "1234"
}

# Share enrollment URL via output
output "onboarding_details" {
  description = "Enrollment details for new device onboarding"
  value = {
    id                  = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.id
    url                 = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.url
    device_group_id     = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.device_group_id
    assignment_group_id = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.assignment_group_id
    user_enrollment     = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.user_enrollment
    welcome_screen      = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.welcome_screen
    authentication      = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.authentication
    account_driven      = data.simplemdm_enrollment.onboarding.account_driven
  }
  sensitive = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier of the enrollment to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `account_driven` (Boolean) True when the enrollment is account driven (URL is null). Account driven enrollments do not support invitations.
- `assignment_group_id` (String) Identifier of the assignment group associated with the enrollment (for New Groups Experience).
- `authentication` (Boolean) Indicates whether authentication is required before enrollment.
- `device_group_id` (String) Identifier of the legacy device group associated with the enrollment (deprecated).
- `device_id` (String) Identifier of the device that used the enrollment, when applicable.
- `url` (String) Enrollment URL returned by SimpleMDM for one-time enrollments. Will be null for account driven enrollments.
- `user_enrollment` (Boolean) Indicates whether the enrollment is a user enrollment.
- `welcome_screen` (Boolean) Indicates whether the welcome screen is displayed during enrollment.
