docs/data-sources/managed_config.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_managed_config Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Managed Config data source retrieves the value of a managed app configuration for a given app.
---

# simplemdm_managed_config (Data Source)

Managed Config data source retrieves the value of a managed app configuration for a given app.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "simplemdm" {}

# Lookup an existing managed config after defining it in the same configuration.
resource "simplemdm_app" "example" {
  app_store_id = "586447913"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "server" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "environment"
  value      = "staging"
  value_type = "string"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_config" "server" {
  id = simplemdm_managed_config.server.id
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query managed app configuration
data "simplemdm_app" "enterprise_app" {
  id = "123456"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_config" "app_config" {
  id = "789012"
}

output "config_details" {
  description = "Managed configuration details"
  value = {
    id         = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.id
    app_id     = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.app_id
    key        = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.key
    value      = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.value
    value_type = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.value_type
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Managed config identifier in the format &lt;app_id&gt;:&lt;managed_config_id&gt;.

### Read-Only

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app that owns the managed configuration.
- `key` (String) Configuration key returned by the SimpleMDM API.
- `value` (String) Raw value returned by the SimpleMDM API.
- `value_type` (String) Data type that SimpleMDM reports for the value.

Commit message:

docs(managed_config): update documentation with API limitations and improvements
- Added notes about API limitations (no single-config GET endpoint)
- Documented performance implications for apps with many configs
- Noted that config changes require resource replacement
- Added pagination handling note for managed_configs data source

docs/data-sources/managed_config.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_managed_config Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Managed Config data source retrieves the value of a managed app configuration for a given app.
---

# simplemdm_managed_config (Data Source)

Managed Config data source retrieves the value of a managed app configuration for a given app.

**Note:** The SimpleMDM API does not provide an endpoint to retrieve a single managed config by ID. This data source fetches all configs for the app and filters to find the specific config, which may impact performance for apps with many configurations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "simplemdm" {}

# Lookup an existing managed config after defining it in the same configuration.
resource "simplemdm_app" "example" {
  app_store_id = "586447913"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "server" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "environment"
  value      = "staging"
  value_type = "string"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_config" "server" {
  id = simplemdm_managed_config.server.id
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query managed app configuration
data "simplemdm_app" "enterprise_app" {
  id = "123456"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_config" "app_config" {
  id = "789012"
}

output "config_details" {
  description = "Managed configuration details"
  value = {
    id         = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.id
    app_id     = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.app_id
    key        = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.key
    value      = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.value
    value_type = data.simplemdm_managed_config.app_config.value_type
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Managed config identifier in the format &lt;app_id&gt;:&lt;managed_config_id&gt;.

### Read-Only

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app that owns the managed configuration.
- `key` (String) Configuration key returned by the SimpleMDM API.
- `value` (String) Raw value returned by the SimpleMDM API.
- `value_type` (String) Data type that SimpleMDM reports for the value.
