docs/data-sources/managed_configs.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_managed_configs Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves all managed app configurations for a specific app.
---

# simplemdm_managed_configs (Data Source)

Retrieves all managed app configurations for a specific app.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "simplemdm" {}

# List all managed configs for an app
resource "simplemdm_app" "example" {
  app_store_id = "586447913"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "config1" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "environment"
  value      = "production"
  value_type = "string"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "config2" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "debug_mode"
  value      = "false"
  value_type = "boolean"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_configs" "all" {
  app_id = simplemdm_app.example.id
  depends_on = [
    simplemdm_managed_config.config1,
    simplemdm_managed_config.config2,
  ]
}

output "config_count" {
  description = "Number of managed configurations"
  value       = length(data.simplemdm_managed_configs.all.managed_configs)
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Analyze all managed configs for an app
data "simplemdm_app" "enterprise_app" {
  id = "123456"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_configs" "app_configs" {
  app_id = data.simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
}

# Extract specific configurations by key
locals {
  environment_config = [
    for config in data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs :
    config if config.key == "environment"
  ]

  boolean_configs = [
    for config in data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs :
    config if config.value_type == "boolean"
  ]
}

output "all_configs" {
  description = "All managed configurations for the app"
  value = {
    total_count = length(data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs)
    configs     = data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs
  }
}

output "environment_setting" {
  description = "Environment configuration value"
  value       = length(local.environment_config) > 0 ? local.environment_config[0].value : "not set"
}

output "boolean_settings" {
  description = "All boolean configuration settings"
  value = {
    count   = length(local.boolean_configs)
    configs = local.boolean_configs
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app to list managed configurations for.

### Read-Only

- `managed_configs` (Block List) Collection of managed app configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--managed_configs))

<a id="nestedblock--managed_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_configs`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Managed config identifier.
- `key` (String) Configuration key.
- `value` (String) Configuration value.
- `value_type` (String) Data type of the value.

Commit message:

docs(managed_config): update documentation with API limitations and improvements
- Added notes about API limitations (no single-config GET endpoint)
- Documented performance implications for apps with many configs
- Noted that config changes require resource replacement
- Added pagination handling note for managed_configs data source

docs/data-sources/managed_configs.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_managed_configs Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves all managed app configurations for a specific app.
---

# simplemdm_managed_configs (Data Source)

Retrieves all managed app configurations for a specific app.

**Note:** This data source automatically handles pagination to retrieve all managed configs if the app has more than one page of results.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "simplemdm" {}

# List all managed configs for an app
resource "simplemdm_app" "example" {
  app_store_id = "586447913"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "config1" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "environment"
  value      = "production"
  value_type = "string"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "config2" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "debug_mode"
  value      = "false"
  value_type = "boolean"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_configs" "all" {
  app_id = simplemdm_app.example.id
  depends_on = [
    simplemdm_managed_config.config1,
    simplemdm_managed_config.config2,
  ]
}

output "config_count" {
  description = "Number of managed configurations"
  value       = length(data.simplemdm_managed_configs.all.managed_configs)
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Analyze all managed configs for an app
data "simplemdm_app" "enterprise_app" {
  id = "123456"
}

data "simplemdm_managed_configs" "app_configs" {
  app_id = data.simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
}

# Extract specific configurations by key
locals {
  environment_config = [
    for config in data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs :
    config if config.key == "environment"
  ]

  boolean_configs = [
    for config in data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs :
    config if config.value_type == "boolean"
  ]
}

output "all_configs" {
  description = "All managed configurations for the app"
  value = {
    total_count = length(data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs)
    configs     = data.simplemdm_managed_configs.app_configs.managed_configs
  }
}

output "environment_setting" {
  description = "Environment configuration value"
  value       = length(local.environment_config) > 0 ? local.environment_config[0].value : "not set"
}

output "boolean_settings" {
  description = "All boolean configuration settings"
  value = {
    count   = length(local.boolean_configs)
    configs = local.boolean_configs
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app to list managed configurations for.

### Read-Only

- `managed_configs` (Block List) Collection of managed app configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--managed_configs))

<a id="nestedblock--managed_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_configs`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Managed config identifier.
- `key` (String) Configuration key.
- `value` (String) Configuration value.
- `value_type` (String) Data type of the value.
