docs/data-sources/profile.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_profile Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Profile data source can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) to assign profiles to these objects.
---

# simplemdm_profile (Data Source)

Profile data source can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) to assign profiles to these objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_profile" "profile" {
  id = "123456"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Use predefined profile in assignment group
data "simplemdm_profile" "company_wifi" {
  id = "123456"
}

resource "simplemdm_assignmentgroup" "all_devices" {
  name     = "Company Devices"
  profiles = [data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.id]
}

output "profile_info" {
  description = "WiFi profile information"
  value = {
    id   = data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.id
    name = data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.name
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Profile.

### Read-Only

- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Whether the profile supports attribute substitution.
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Whether the profile is auto-deployed when assigned.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the profile was created.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the profile.
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Whether attribute values are escaped during installation.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the profile.
- `group_ids` (Set of String) IDs of device or assignment groups currently assigned to the profile.
- `install_type` (String) The install type configured for the profile.
- `name` (String) The name of the Profile.
- `profile_identifier` (String) The identifier contained within the profile payload.
- `profile_sha` (String) SHA hash reported by SimpleMDM for the profile contents.
- `reinstall_after_os_update` (Boolean) Whether the profile reinstalls automatically after macOS updates.
- `source` (String) Origin of the profile within SimpleMDM.
- `type` (String) The profile payload type reported by SimpleMDM.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the profile was last updated.
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Indicates if the profile is installed in the user scope.

Commit message:

docs: Update profile documentation to reflect API changes
Updated profile data source documentation:
- Removed documentation for non-existent fields
- Updated description to clarify read-only nature
- Added note about using customprofile resource for creation
- Enhanced type field documentation with examples
- Added examples for new search and direction parameters

Removed profile resource documentation:
- Deleted docs/resources/profile.md (resource no longer exists)

Updated profiles data source documentation:
- Added documentation for search and direction parameters
- Removed documentation for non-existent fields
- Added examples showcasing new filtering capabilities

Fixes:
- BUG-PROF-007: Misleading Resource Description

docs/data-sources/profile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_profile Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Profile data source can be used to reference existing configuration profiles in SimpleMDM. Profiles represent both built-in and custom configuration profiles.
---

# simplemdm_profile (Data Source)

Profile data source can be used to reference existing configuration profiles in SimpleMDM. Profiles represent both built-in and custom configuration profiles.

**Note:** Profiles are read-only in the SimpleMDM API. To create custom configuration profiles, use the `simplemdm_customprofile` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_profile" "profile" {
  id = "123456"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Use existing profile in assignment group
data "simplemdm_profile" "company_wifi" {
  id = "123456"
}

resource "simplemdm_assignmentgroup" "all_devices" {
  name     = "Company Devices"
  profiles = [data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.id]
}

output "profile_info" {
  description = "WiFi profile information"
  value = {
    id   = data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.id
    name = data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.name
    type = data.simplemdm_profile.company_wifi.type
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the Profile.

### Read-Only

- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the profile.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the profile.
- `group_ids` (Set of String) IDs of device or assignment groups currently assigned to the profile.
- `name` (String) The name of the Profile.
- `profile_identifier` (String) The identifier contained within the profile payload.
- `reinstall_after_os_update` (Boolean) Whether the profile reinstalls automatically after macOS updates.
- `type` (String) The profile payload type (e.g., 'apn', 'email', 'app_restrictions', 'custom_configuration_profile').
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Indicates if the profile is installed in the user scope.
