docs/data-sources/scriptjob.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_scriptjob Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script Job data source provides status information for an existing script job execution.
---

# simplemdm_scriptjob (Data Source)

Script Job data source provides status information for an existing script job execution.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_scriptjob" "example" {
  id = "123456"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query script job status
data "simplemdm_scriptjob" "completed_job" {
  id = "789012"
}

output "job_execution_details" {
  description = "Details about the completed script job"
  value = {
    id                     = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.id
    script_id              = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.script_id
    device_ids             = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.device_ids
    group_ids              = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.group_ids
    assignment_group_ids   = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.assignment_group_ids
    custom_attribute       = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.custom_attribute
    custom_attribute_regex = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.custom_attribute_regex
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the script job.

### Read-Only

- `content` (String) Script contents that were executed by the job.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp returned by the API.
- `created_by` (String) User or API key that created the job.
- `custom_attribute` (String) Custom attribute that stores the job output, when configured.
- `custom_attribute_regex` (String) Regular expression used to filter the custom attribute output.
- `devices` (Attributes List) Execution results for each targeted device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `errored_count` (Number) Number of devices that failed to execute the script.
- `job_identifier` (String) Identifier reported by the SimpleMDM API for the job.
- `job_name` (String) Human friendly name of the job.
- `pending_count` (Number) Number of devices that have not yet reported a result.
- `script_name` (String) Name of the script that was executed.
- `status` (String) Current execution status of the job.
- `success_count` (Number) Number of devices that completed successfully.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp returned by the API.
- `variable_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether the script supports variables.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Device identifier.
- `response` (String) Output returned by the device, when available.
- `status` (String) Execution status reported for the device.
- `status_code` (String) Optional status code returned by the device.

Commit message:

docs: update scriptJob documentation to reflect all bug fixes
- Updated job_identifier description to clarify it's different from numeric ID
- Added all new fields to scriptjobs data source documentation
- Added pagination parameters (limit, starting_after) to scriptjobs examples
- Added device relationship information to scriptjobs schema
- Removed assignment_group_name from scriptjobs (not provided by API)

docs/data-sources/scriptjob.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_scriptjob Data Source - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script Job data source provides status information for an existing script job execution.
---

# simplemdm_scriptjob (Data Source)

Script Job data source provides status information for an existing script job execution.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "simplemdm_scriptjob" "example" {
  id = "123456"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Query script job status
data "simplemdm_scriptjob" "completed_job" {
  id = "789012"
}

output "job_execution_details" {
  description = "Details about the completed script job"
  value = {
    id                     = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.id
    script_id              = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.script_id
    device_ids             = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.device_ids
    group_ids              = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.group_ids
    assignment_group_ids   = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.assignment_group_ids
    custom_attribute       = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.custom_attribute
    custom_attribute_regex = data.simplemdm_scriptjob.completed_job.custom_attribute_regex
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the script job.

### Read-Only

- `content` (String) Script contents that were executed by the job.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp returned by the API.
- `created_by` (String) User or API key that created the job.
- `custom_attribute` (String) Custom attribute that stores the job output, when configured.
- `custom_attribute_regex` (String) Regular expression used to filter the custom attribute output.
- `devices` (Attributes List) Execution results for each targeted device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `errored_count` (Number) Number of devices that failed to execute the script.
- `job_identifier` (String) Short identifier string for the job (maps to API's 'job_id' field, different from the numeric ID).
- `job_name` (String) Human friendly name of the job.
- `pending_count` (Number) Number of devices that have not yet reported a result.
- `script_name` (String) Name of the script that was executed.
- `status` (String) Current execution status of the job.
- `success_count` (Number) Number of devices that completed successfully.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp returned by the API.
- `variable_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether the script supports variables.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Device identifier.
- `response` (String) Output returned by the device, when available.
- `status` (String) Execution status reported for the device.
- `status_code` (String) Optional status code returned by the device.
