docs/resources/app.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_app Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App resource can be used to manage Apps.
---

# simplemdm_app (Resource)

App resource can be used to manage Apps.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_app" "marketing" {
  app_store_id = "1090161858"
  name         = "Marketing App"
  deploy_to    = "outdated" // Defaults to "none". Valid values: "none", "outdated", "all".
}

# Computed attributes such as `installation_channels`, `status`, or `version`
# can be referenced once the app has been created. This output illustrates how
# to inspect the deployment channels that SimpleMDM reports for the app.
output "marketing_installation_channels" {
  description = "Deployment channels supported by the Marketing App."
  value       = simplemdm_app.marketing.installation_channels
}
```

```terraform
# Deploy an existing Volume Purchase Program (VPP) app by referencing its
# bundle identifier. SimpleMDM resolves the bundle ID to the latest catalog
# metadata and makes it available to devices.
resource "simplemdm_app" "bundle_id_example" {
  bundle_id = "com.myCompany.MyApp1"
  deploy_to = "all" // Defaults to "none". Valid values: "none", "outdated", "all".
}

output "bundle_id_app_status" {
  description = "Deployment status reported by SimpleMDM for the bundle ID app."
  value       = simplemdm_app.bundle_id_example.status
}
```

```terraform
# Upload a custom enterprise or macOS package app by providing a binary file.
# The provider will post the binary to SimpleMDM and keep the metadata in sync.
resource "simplemdm_app" "enterprise" {
  name        = "Internal Tools"
  binary_file = "${path.module}/files/internal-tools.pkg"
}

output "enterprise_processing_status" {
  description = "Processing state for the uploaded enterprise app binary."
  value       = simplemdm_app.enterprise.processing_status
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_store_id` (String) Required. The Apple App Store ID of the app to be added. Example: 1090161858.
- `binary_file` (String) Optional. Absolute or relative path to an app binary (ipa or pkg) to upload. Required when managing enterprise, custom B2B, or macOS package apps.
- `bundle_id` (String) Required. The bundle identifier of the Apple App Store app to be added. Example: com.myCompany.MyApp1
- `deploy_to` (String) Optional. Deploy the app to associated devices immediately after the app has been uploaded and processed. Possible values are none, outdated or all. Defaults to none.
- `name` (String) The name that SimpleMDM will use to reference this app. If left blank, SimpleMDM will automatically set this to the app name specified by the binary.

### Read-Only

- `app_type` (String) The catalog classification of the app, for example app store, enterprise, or custom b2b.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was added to SimpleMDM.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `installation_channels` (List of String) The deployment channels supported by the app.
- `platform_support` (String) The platform supported by the app, such as iOS or macOS.
- `processing_status` (String) The current processing status of the app binary within SimpleMDM.
- `status` (String) The current deployment status of the app.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was last updated in SimpleMDM.
- `version` (String) The latest version reported by SimpleMDM for the app.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# App can be imported by specifying the app ID.
terraform import simplemdm_app.example 123456
```

Commit message:

docs(app): Update documentation for app resource and data sources
- Update resource documentation to clarify binary file requirements and processing behavior
- Document that deploy_to and status are write-only parameters not returned by API
- Add note about automatic processing wait for binary uploads
- Add created_at and updated_at fields to apps data source documentation
- Improve descriptions and examples throughout
- Addresses documentation aspects of BUG-APP-003, BUG-APP-011, BUG-APP-017, BUG-APP-018

docs/resources/app.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_app Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App resource can be used to manage Apps.
---

# simplemdm_app (Resource)

App resource can be used to manage Apps.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_app" "marketing" {
  app_store_id = "1090161858"
  name         = "Marketing App"
  deploy_to    = "outdated" // Defaults to "none". Valid values: "none", "outdated", "all".
}

# Computed attributes such as `installation_channels`, `status`, or `version`
# can be referenced once the app has been created. This output illustrates how
# to inspect the deployment channels that SimpleMDM reports for the app.
output "marketing_installation_channels" {
  description = "Deployment channels supported by the Marketing App."
  value       = simplemdm_app.marketing.installation_channels
}
```

```terraform
# Deploy an existing Volume Purchase Program (VPP) app by referencing its
# bundle identifier. SimpleMDM resolves the bundle ID to the latest catalog
# metadata and makes it available to devices.
resource "simplemdm_app" "bundle_id_example" {
  bundle_id = "com.myCompany.MyApp1"
  deploy_to = "all" // Defaults to "none". Valid values: "none", "outdated", "all".
}

output "bundle_id_app_status" {
  description = "Deployment status reported by SimpleMDM for the bundle ID app."
  value       = simplemdm_app.bundle_id_example.status
}
```

```terraform
# Upload a custom enterprise or macOS package app by providing a binary file.
# The provider will post the binary to SimpleMDM and automatically wait for
# processing to complete before marking the resource as created.
# Binary files must have .ipa or .pkg extension and must exist at the specified path.
resource "simplemdm_app" "enterprise" {
  name        = "Internal Tools"
  binary_file = "${path.module}/files/internal-tools.pkg"
  deploy_to   = "all"  # Optional: deploy after processing completes
}

output "enterprise_processing_status" {
  description = "Processing state for the uploaded enterprise app binary."
  value       = simplemdm_app.enterprise.processing_status
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_store_id` (String) The Apple App Store ID. Required when adding App Store apps via store ID. Use either this, bundle_id, or binary_file. Example: '1090161858'
- `binary_file` (String) Path to app binary (ipa or pkg) to upload. Required when managing enterprise, custom B2B, or macOS package apps. Use either this, app_store_id, or bundle_id. File must exist and have .ipa or .pkg extension.
- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the Apple App Store app. Required when adding App Store apps via bundle ID. Use either this, app_store_id, or binary_file. Example: com.myCompany.MyApp1
- `deploy_to` (String) Deploy the app after upload. Values: 'none' (default), 'outdated' (devices with older version), 'all' (all devices). Note: Only applies during updates; create operations require subsequent update. API does not return this value, so state shows last configured value.
- `name` (String) The name for this app in SimpleMDM. For App Store apps, this is computed from the store. For binary uploads, you may optionally specify a name, otherwise it's extracted from the binary.

### Read-Only

- `app_type` (String) The catalog classification of the app, for example app store, enterprise, or custom b2b.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was added to SimpleMDM.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `installation_channels` (List of String) The deployment channels supported by the app.
- `platform_support` (String) The platform supported by the app, such as iOS or macOS.
- `processing_status` (String) The current processing status of the app binary within SimpleMDM.
- `status` (String) The current deployment status of the app. Note: This is a write-only parameter; API does not return this value.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the app was last updated in SimpleMDM.
- `version` (String) The latest version reported by SimpleMDM for the app.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# App can be imported by specifying the app ID.
terraform import simplemdm_app.example 123456
```
