docs/resources/assignmentgroup.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_assignmentgroup Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Assignment Group resource is used to manage group, you can assign App(s), Custom Profile(s), Device(s), Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Assignemtn Group.
---

# simplemdm_assignmentgroup (Resource)

Assignment Group resource is used to manage group, you can assign App(s), Custom Profile(s), Device(s), Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Assignemtn Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_assignmentgroup" "myfirstgroup" {
  // Group name required
  name = "My group name"
  //auto deploy true or false, default is true
  auto_deploy = true
  //group type "standard" or "munki", defaults to standard. If this parameter is changed it will destroy/create whole group
  group_type    = "standard"
  install_type  = "managed"
  apps          = [123456]
  profiles      = [123456, 987654]
  groups        = [135431, 654321]
  devices       = [135431, 987654]
  profiles_sync = false
  apps_push     = false
  apps_update   = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Assignment Group.

### Optional

- `apps` (Set of String) Optional. List of Apps assigned to this assignment group
- `apps_push` (Boolean) Optional. Set true if you would like to send push Apps command after assignment group creation or changes. Defaults to false.
- `apps_update` (Boolean) Optional. Set true if you would like to send update Apps command after assignment group creation or changes. Defaults to false.
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Optional. Whether the Apps should be automatically pushed to device(s) when they join this Assignment Group. Defaults to true
- `devices` (Set of String) Optional. List of Devices assigned to this Assignment Group
- `group_type` (String) Optional. Type of assignment group. Must be one of standard (for MDM app/media deployments) or munki for Munki app deployments. Defaults to standard.
- `groups` (Set of String) Optional. List of Device Groups assigned to this Assignment Group
- `install_type` (String) Optional. The install type for munki assignment groups. Must be one of managed, self_serve, managed_updates or default_installs. This setting has no effect for non-munki (standard) assignment groups. Defaults to managed.
- `profiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Configuration Profiles (both Custom and predefined Profiles) assigned to this assignment group
- `profiles_sync` (Boolean) Optional. Set true if you would like to send Sync Profiles command after Assignment Group creation or changes. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the Assignment Group in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Assignment group can be imported by specifying the Assigntment group ID.
terraform import simplemdm_assigntmentgroup.example 123456
```

Commit message:

Add complete assignment group state coverage

docs/resources/assignmentgroup.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_assignmentgroup Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Assignment Group resource is used to manage group, you can assign App(s), Custom Profile(s), Device(s), Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Assignemtn Group.
---

# simplemdm_assignmentgroup (Resource)

Assignment Group resource is used to manage group, you can assign App(s), Custom Profile(s), Device(s), Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Assignemtn Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_assignmentgroup" "myfirstgroup" {
  // Group name required
  name = "My group name"
  //auto deploy true or false, default is true
  auto_deploy = true
  //group type "standard" or "munki", defaults to standard. If this parameter is changed it will destroy/create whole group
  group_type    = "standard"
  install_type  = "managed"
  apps          = [123456]
  profiles      = [123456, 987654]
  groups        = [135431, 654321]
  devices       = [135431, 987654]
  profiles_sync = false
  apps_push     = false
  apps_update   = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Assignment Group.

### Optional

- `apps` (Set of String) Optional. List of Apps assigned to this assignment group
- `apps_push` (Boolean) Optional. Set true if you would like to send push Apps command after assignment group creation or changes. Defaults to false.
- `apps_update` (Boolean) Optional. Set true if you would like to send update Apps command after assignment group creation or changes. Defaults to false.
- `auto_deploy` (Boolean) Optional. Whether the Apps should be automatically pushed to device(s) when they join this Assignment Group. Defaults to true
- `devices` (Set of String) Optional. List of Devices assigned to this Assignment Group
- `group_type` (String) Optional. Type of assignment group. Must be one of standard (for MDM app/media deployments) or munki for Munki app deployments. Defaults to standard.
- `groups` (Set of String) Optional. List of Device Groups assigned to this Assignment Group
- `install_type` (String) Optional. The install type for munki assignment groups. Must be one of managed, self_serve, managed_updates or default_installs. This setting has no effect for non-munki (standard) assignment groups. Defaults to managed.
- `profiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Configuration Profiles (both Custom and predefined Profiles) assigned to this assignment group
- `profiles_sync` (Boolean) Optional. Set true if you would like to send Sync Profiles command after Assignment Group creation or changes. Defaults to false.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the Assignment Group in SimpleMDM
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the assignment group was created.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the assignment group was last updated.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the assignment group.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the assignment group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Assignment group can be imported by specifying the Assigntment group ID.
terraform import simplemdm_assigntmentgroup.example 123456
```
