docs/resources/attribute.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_attribute Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Attribute resourse can be used to manage SimpleMDM Attribute. Can be used together with Device(s) or Device Group(s) to set values or in lifecycle management.
---

# simplemdm_attribute (Resource)

Attribute resourse can be used to manage SimpleMDM Attribute. Can be used together with Device(s) or Device Group(s) to set values or in lifecycle management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_attribute" "myattribute" {
  name          = "Myfirstattribute"
  default_value = "value of the attribute"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Required. The name of the Custom Attribute. This name will be used when referencing the Custom Attribute throughout the provider. Alphanumeric characters and underscores only. Case insensitive. Changing name after plan apply will result in replacement(Destroy and Create of new)

### Optional

- `default_value` (String) Optional. The value that will be used if the Attribute value is not provided on Group or Device level.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Attribute can be imported by specifying the name of attribute.
terraform import simplemdm_attribute.example myattributename
```

Commit message:

Tests and small bug fixes (#3)
* More tests added, currently only device group resource doesn't have test because of missing API call to create new group

* Minor bug fixes discovered during writing tests, all are fixed

* Create new SimpleMDM instance just for testing purposes

* added IDs_for_test.md with current test id for all resources to have them documented for future tests

---------

Co-authored-by: David Kraushuber <david.kraushuber@mytaxi.com>

docs/resources/attribute.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_attribute Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Attribute resourse can be used to manage SimpleMDM Attribute. Can be used together with Device(s) or Device Group(s) to set values or in lifecycle management.
---

# simplemdm_attribute (Resource)

Attribute resourse can be used to manage SimpleMDM Attribute. Can be used together with Device(s) or Device Group(s) to set values or in lifecycle management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_attribute" "myattribute" {
  name          = "Myfirstattribute"
  default_value = "value of the attribute"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Required. The name of the Custom Attribute. This name will be used when referencing the Custom Attribute throughout the provider. Alphanumeric characters and underscores only. Case insensitive. Changing name after plan apply will result in replacement(Destroy and Create of new)

### Optional

- `default_value` (String) Optional. The value that will be used if the Attribute value is not provided on Group or Device level.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of a Attribute in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Attribute can be imported by specifying the name of attribute.
terraform import simplemdm_attribute.example myattributename
```
