---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customdeclaration Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Declaration resource can be used to manage Custom Declaration. Can be used together with Device(s) and Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Declaration.
---

# simplemdm_customdeclaration (Resource)

Custom Declaration resource can be used to manage Custom Declaration. Can be used together with Device(s) and Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Declaration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customdeclaration" "test" {
  name                 = "testdeclaration"
  declaration          = jsonencode(jsondecode(file("./testfiles/testdeclaration.json")))
  userscope            = true
  attributesupport     = true
  escapeattributes     = true
  declaration_type     = "com.apple.configuration.safari.bookmarks"
  activation_predicate = ""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `declaration` (String) Required. Can be string or you can use function 'file' or 'templatefile' to load string from file (see examples folder). Example: declaration = file("./declarations/declaration.json") or declaration = <<-EOT DECLARATION STRING EOT
- `declaration_type` (String) Required. The type of declaration being defined
- `name` (String) Required. A name for the declaration. Example: "My First declaration by terraform"

### Optional

- `activation_predicate` (String) Optional. A predicate format string as Apple's Predicate Programming describes. The activation only installs when the predicate evaluates to true or if it is left blank.
- `attributesupport` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will process variables in the uploaded declaration. Defaults to false
- `escapeattributes` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM escape the values of the custom variables in the uploaded declaration. Defaults to false
- `userscope` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. If false, deploy as a device declaration instead of a user declaration for macOS devices. Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of a Custom Declaration in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import simplemdm_customdeclaration.example 12345
```
