---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customprofile Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Profile resource can be used to manage Custom Profile. Can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Profile.
---

# simplemdm_customprofile (Resource)

Custom Profile resource can be used to manage Custom Profile. Can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                   = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig           = file("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig")
  userscope              = true
  attributesupport       = true
  escapeattributes       = true
  reinstallafterosupdate = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobileconfig` (String) Required. Can be directly string or you can use function 'file' or 'templatefile' to load string from file. Example: mobileconfig = file("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig") or mobileconfig = <<-EOT PROFILE STRING EOT
- `name` (String) Required. A name for the profile. Example: "My First profile by terraform"

### Optional

- `attributesupport` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will process variables in the uploaded profile. Defaults to false
- `escapeattributes` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM escape the values of the custom variables in the uploaded profile. Defaults to false
- `reinstallafterosupdate` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will re-install the profile automatically after macOS software updates are detected. Defaults to false
- `userscope` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. If false, deploy as a device profile instead of a user profile for macOS devices. Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of a Custom Configuration Profile in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Custom profile can be imported by specifying the custom profile ID.
terraform import simplemdm_customprofile.example 123456
```
