docs/resources/customprofile.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customprofile Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Profile resource can be used to manage Custom Profile. Can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Profile.
---

# simplemdm_customprofile (Resource)

Custom Profile resource can be used to manage Custom Profile. Can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                   = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig           = file("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig")
  userscope              = true
  attributesupport       = true
  escapeattributes       = true
  reinstallafterosupdate = false
}
```

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                   = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig           = templatefile("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig", { foo = "bar" })
  userscope              = true
  attributesupport       = true
  escapeattributes       = true
  reinstallafterosupdate = false
}
```

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                   = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig           = <<-EOT
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
    <dict>
        <key>PayloadIdentifier</key>
	.....redacted....
 </dict>
 </plist>
EOT
  userscope              = true
  attributesupport       = true
  escapeattributes       = true
  reinstallafterosupdate = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobileconfig` (String) Required. Can be string or you can use function 'file' or 'templatefile' to load string from file (see examples folder). Example: mobileconfig = file("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig") or mobileconfig = <<-EOT PROFILE STRING EOT
- `name` (String) Required. A name for the profile. Example: "My First profile by terraform"

### Optional

- `attributesupport` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will process variables in the uploaded profile. Defaults to false
- `escapeattributes` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM escape the values of the custom variables in the uploaded profile. Defaults to false
- `reinstallafterosupdate` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will re-install the profile automatically after macOS software updates are detected. Defaults to false
- `userscope` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. If false, deploy as a device profile instead of a user profile for macOS devices. Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `devicecount` (Number) Number of devices assigned to this custom configuration profile.
- `groupcount` (Number) Number of device groups assigned to this custom configuration profile.
- `id` (String) ID of a Custom Configuration Profile in SimpleMDM
- `profileidentifier` (String) Read-only profile identifier assigned by SimpleMDM.
- `profilesha` (String) SHA-256 checksum reported by SimpleMDM for the current mobileconfig payload.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Custom profile can be imported by specifying the custom profile ID.
terraform import simplemdm_customprofile.example 123456
```

Commit message:

Fix BUG-CP-004: Update schema field names to snake_case (BREAKING CHANGE)
Changed all custom profile field names from concatenated lowercase (e.g.,
userscope, attributesupport) to snake_case (e.g., user_scope, attribute_support)
to align with Terraform conventions and API naming.

This is a breaking change that affects:
- Resource: simplemdm_customprofile
- Data sources: simplemdm_customprofile, simplemdm_customprofiles
- All documentation and examples

Updated field names:
- userscope -> user_scope
- attributesupport -> attribute_support
- escapeattributes -> escape_attributes
- reinstallafterosupdate -> reinstall_after_os_update
- profileidentifier -> profile_identifier
- groupcount -> group_count
- devicecount -> device_count
- profilesha -> profile_sha

docs/resources/customprofile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customprofile Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Profile resource can be used to manage Custom Profile. Can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Profile.
---

# simplemdm_customprofile (Resource)

Custom Profile resource can be used to manage Custom Profile. Can be used together with Device(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Custom Profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                      = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig              = file("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig")
  user_scope                = true
  attribute_support         = true
  escape_attributes         = true
  reinstall_after_os_update = false
}
```

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                      = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig              = templatefile("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig", { foo = "bar" })
  user_scope                = true
  attribute_support         = true
  escape_attributes         = true
  reinstall_after_os_update = false
}
```

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_customprofile" "myprofile" {
  name                      = "My First profiles"
  mobileconfig              = <<-EOT
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
    <dict>
        <key>PayloadIdentifier</key>
	.....redacted....
 </dict>
 </plist>
EOT
  user_scope                = true
  attribute_support         = true
  escape_attributes         = true
  reinstall_after_os_update = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mobileconfig` (String) Required. Can be string or you can use function 'file' or 'templatefile' to load string from file (see examples folder). Example: mobileconfig = file("./profiles/profile.mobileconfig") or mobileconfig = <<-EOT PROFILE STRING EOT
- `name` (String) Required. A name for the profile. Example: "My First profile by terraform"

### Optional

- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will process variables in the uploaded profile. Defaults to false
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM escape the values of the custom variables in the uploaded profile. Defaults to false
- `reinstall_after_os_update` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. When enabled, SimpleMDM will re-install the profile automatically after macOS software updates are detected. Defaults to false
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. If false, deploy as a device profile instead of a user profile for macOS devices. Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices assigned to this custom configuration profile.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups assigned to this custom configuration profile.
- `id` (String) ID of a Custom Configuration Profile in SimpleMDM
- `profile_identifier` (String) Read-only profile identifier assigned by SimpleMDM.
- `profile_sha` (String) SHA-256 checksum reported by SimpleMDM for the current mobileconfig payload.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Custom profile can be imported by specifying the custom profile ID.
terraform import simplemdm_customprofile.example 123456
```
