docs/resources/customdeclaration.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customdeclaration Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Declaration resource manages Declarative Device Management custom declarations in SimpleMDM.
---

# simplemdm_customdeclaration (Resource)

Custom Declaration resource manages Declarative Device Management custom declarations in SimpleMDM.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data` (String) JSON payload of the declaration data.
- `declaration_type` (String) Declaration type reported to Apple devices.
- `identifier` (String) Unique declaration identifier. Changing forces replacement.
- `name` (String) Human readable name for the declaration.
- `platforms` (Set of String) List of platforms that should receive the declaration.

### Optional

- `activation_predicate` (String) Predicate that controls when the declaration activates on a device.
- `active` (Boolean) Whether the declaration is active.
- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Enable variable expansion when processing the declaration payload.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the declaration.
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Escape the values of custom variables within the payload before delivery.
- `priority` (Number) Optional priority value used for ordering declarations.
- `topic` (String) Optional topic used for declarative management payloads.
- `transport` (String) Optional transport mechanism for the declaration.
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Whether the declaration is scoped to users (true) or devices (false). Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the declaration was created in SimpleMDM.
- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the declaration.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the declaration.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `payload` (String) Alias that mirrors the JSON payload returned by the SimpleMDM download endpoint.
- `profile_identifier` (String) Identifier assigned by SimpleMDM for tracking the declaration profile.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp when the declaration was last updated in SimpleMDM.

Commit message:

fix(customdeclaration): Update documentation and examples to reflect API-compliant implementation
- Remove references to fabricated fields (identifier, platforms, topic, description, active, priority, transport, created_at, updated_at)
- Update resource documentation to show only API-supported fields
- Update data source documentation to match actual implementation
- Fix examples to use 'payload' instead of 'data'
- Add reinstall_after_os_update field to examples
- Update test cases to remove fabricated fields

This addresses BUG-CD-005, BUG-CD-006, and BUG-CD-014 from the bug analysis.

docs/resources/customdeclaration.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_customdeclaration Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Custom Declaration resource manages Declarative Device Management custom declarations in SimpleMDM.
---

# simplemdm_customdeclaration (Resource)

Custom Declaration resource manages Declarative Device Management custom declarations in SimpleMDM.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `declaration_type` (String) The type of declaration being defined (e.g., com.apple.configuration.management.status-subscriptions).
- `name` (String) A name for the custom declaration.
- `payload` (String) The JSON payload for the declaration.

### Optional

- `activation_predicate` (String) Predicate format string that controls when the declaration activates on a device.
- `attribute_support` (Boolean) Enable variable expansion when processing the declaration payload. Defaults to false.
- `escape_attributes` (Boolean) Escape the values of custom variables within the payload before delivery. Defaults to false.
- `reinstall_after_os_update` (Boolean) Whether to reinstall the declaration after macOS updates. Defaults to false.
- `user_scope` (Boolean) Whether the declaration is scoped to users (true) or devices (false). Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `device_count` (Number) Number of devices currently assigned to the declaration.
- `group_count` (Number) Number of device groups currently assigned to the declaration.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `profile_identifier` (String) Identifier assigned by SimpleMDM for tracking the declaration profile.
