docs/resources/devicegroup.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_devicegroup Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Device Group resource can be used to manage Device Group. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device Group.
---

# simplemdm_devicegroup (Resource)

Device Group resource can be used to manage Device Group. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_devicegroup" "testgroup" {
  name = "group2"
  attributes = {
    "myattribute" = "attributevalue"
  }
  profiles       = [123456, 654321]
  customprofiles = [456123]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Required. The name of the device group.

### Optional

- `attributes` (Map of String) Optional. Map of Custom Configuration Profiles and values set for this Device Group
- `customprofiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Custom Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device Group
- `profiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device Group

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of a Device Group in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# devicegroup can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import simplemdm_devicegroup.example 123456
```

Commit message:

Add full lifecycle management for device groups

docs/resources/devicegroup.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_devicegroup Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Device Group resource can be used to manage Device Group. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device Group.
---

# simplemdm_devicegroup (Resource)

Device Group resource can be used to manage Device Group. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_devicegroup" "testgroup" {
  name       = "group2"
  clone_from = "123456"
  attributes = {
    "myattribute" = "attributevalue"
  }
  profiles       = [123456, 654321]
  customprofiles = [456123]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Required. The name of the device group.

### Optional

- `attributes` (Map of String) Optional. Map of Custom Configuration Profiles and values set for this Device Group
- `clone_from` (String) Optional. Clone configuration from an existing legacy device group. Changing this value forces a new device group to be created.
- `customprofiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Custom Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device Group
- `profiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device Group

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of a Device Group in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# devicegroup can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import simplemdm_devicegroup.example 123456
```
