docs/resources/device.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_device Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Device resource can be used to manage Device. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device.
---

# simplemdm_device (Resource)

Device resource can be used to manage Device. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_device" "firstdevice" {
  // Attribute name (required)
  name           = "mydevice"
  devicename     = "OSmydevice"
  devicegroup    = 123456
  profiles       = [456123]
  customprofiles = [456123]
  attributes = {
    "myattribute" = "testvalue"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `devicegroup` (String) The ID of Device Group where device will be assigned.
- `name` (String) Required. The SimpleMDM name of the device.

### Optional

- `attributes` (Map of String) The name of the Assignment Group.
- `customprofiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Custom Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device
- `devicename` (String) The Device name (localhost name) of the device.
- `profiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device

### Read-Only

- `enrollmenturl` (String) SimpleMDM enrollment URL is generated when new device is created via API.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Device in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Device can be imported by specifying the device ID.
terraform import simplemdm_device.example 123456
```

Commit message:

feat: expand device coverage with commands and data sources (#27)

docs/resources/device.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_device Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Device resource can be used to manage Device. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device.
---

# simplemdm_device (Resource)

Device resource can be used to manage Device. Can be used together with Custom Profile(s), Attribute(s), Assignment Group(s) or Device Group(s) and set addition details regarding Device.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_device" "firstdevice" {
  // Attribute name (required)
  name           = "mydevice"
  devicename     = "OSmydevice"
  devicegroup    = 123456
  profiles       = [456123]
  customprofiles = [456123]
  attributes = {
    "myattribute" = "testvalue"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `devicegroup` (String) The ID of Device Group where device will be assigned.
- `name` (String) Required. The SimpleMDM name of the device.

### Optional

- `attributes` (Map of String) The name of the Assignment Group.
- `customprofiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Custom Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device
- `devicename` (String) The Device name (localhost name) of the device.
- `profiles` (Set of String) Optional. List of Configuration Profiles assigned to this Device

### Read-Only

- `details` (Map of String) Full set of attributes returned by the SimpleMDM device record.
- `enrollmenturl` (String) SimpleMDM enrollment URL is generated when new device is created via API.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Device in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Device can be imported by specifying the device ID.
terraform import simplemdm_device.example 123456
```
