docs/resources/managed_config.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_managed_config Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Managed Config resource manages managed app configurations for a specific app and automatically pushes updates after apply.
---

# simplemdm_managed_config (Resource)

Managed Config resource manages managed app configurations for a specific app and automatically pushes updates after apply.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "simplemdm" {
  # The provider reads SIMPLEMDM_APIKEY from the environment.
}

resource "simplemdm_app" "example" {
  app_store_id = "586447913"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "server" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "serverURL"
  value      = "https://api.example.com"
  value_type = "string"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Multiple managed configurations for an app
resource "simplemdm_app" "enterprise_app" {
  bundle_id = "com.example.enterprise"
  name      = "Enterprise App"
}

# String configuration
resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "api_endpoint" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
  key        = "apiEndpoint"
  value      = "https://api.company.com/v2"
  value_type = "string"
}

# Boolean configuration
resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "enable_logging" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
  key        = "enableLogging"
  value      = "true"
  value_type = "boolean"
}

# Integer configuration
resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "refresh_interval" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
  key        = "refreshIntervalSeconds"
  value      = "300"
  value_type = "integer"
}

output "app_configs" {
  description = "Managed configuration IDs for the enterprise app"
  value = {
    api_endpoint     = simplemdm_managed_config.api_endpoint.id
    enable_logging   = simplemdm_managed_config.enable_logging.id
    refresh_interval = simplemdm_managed_config.refresh_interval.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app that owns the managed configuration.
- `key` (String) Configuration key as defined by the managed app schema.
- `value` (String) Raw value supplied to the managed configuration. Format must match value_type.
- `value_type` (String) Data type of value accepted by the app (boolean, date, float, float array, integer, integer array, string, string array).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Composite identifier of the managed app configuration in the format &lt;app_id&gt;:&lt;managed_config_id&gt;.

Commit message:

docs(managed_config): update documentation with API limitations and improvements
- Added notes about API limitations (no single-config GET endpoint)
- Documented performance implications for apps with many configs
- Noted that config changes require resource replacement
- Added pagination handling note for managed_configs data source

docs/resources/managed_config.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_managed_config Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Managed Config resource manages managed app configurations for a specific app and automatically pushes updates after apply.
---

# simplemdm_managed_config (Resource)

Managed Config resource manages managed app configurations for a specific app and automatically pushes updates after apply.

**Note:** The SimpleMDM API does not provide an endpoint to retrieve a single managed config by ID. Read operations fetch all configs for the app and filter to find the specific config, which may impact performance for apps with many configurations. Since there is no UPDATE endpoint, all configuration changes require resource replacement.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "simplemdm" {
  # The provider reads SIMPLEMDM_APIKEY from the environment.
}

resource "simplemdm_app" "example" {
  app_store_id = "586447913"
}

resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "server" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.example.id
  key        = "serverURL"
  value      = "https://api.example.com"
  value_type = "string"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Multiple managed configurations for an app
resource "simplemdm_app" "enterprise_app" {
  bundle_id = "com.example.enterprise"
  name      = "Enterprise App"
}

# String configuration
resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "api_endpoint" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
  key        = "apiEndpoint"
  value      = "https://api.company.com/v2"
  value_type = "string"
}

# Boolean configuration
resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "enable_logging" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
  key        = "enableLogging"
  value      = "true"
  value_type = "boolean"
}

# Integer configuration
resource "simplemdm_managed_config" "refresh_interval" {
  app_id     = simplemdm_app.enterprise_app.id
  key        = "refreshIntervalSeconds"
  value      = "300"
  value_type = "integer"
}

output "app_configs" {
  description = "Managed configuration IDs for the enterprise app"
  value = {
    api_endpoint     = simplemdm_managed_config.api_endpoint.id
    enable_logging   = simplemdm_managed_config.enable_logging.id
    refresh_interval = simplemdm_managed_config.refresh_interval.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app that owns the managed configuration.
- `key` (String) Configuration key as defined by the managed app schema.
- `value` (String) Raw value supplied to the managed configuration. Format must match value_type.
- `value_type` (String) Data type of value accepted by the app (boolean, date, float, float array, integer, integer array, string, string array).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Composite identifier of the managed app configuration in the format &lt;app_id&gt;:&lt;managed_config_id&gt;.
