docs/resources/script.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_script Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script resource can be used to manage Scripts.
---

# simplemdm_script (Resource)

Script resource can be used to manage Scripts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_script" "test" {
  name            = "This is test script"
  scriptfile      = file("./testfiles/testscript.sh")
  variablesupport = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Required. A name for the Script. Example: "My First Script managed by terraform"
- `scriptfile` (String) Required. Can be directly string or you can use function 'file' or 'templatefile' to load string from file. Emaple: scriptfile = file("./scripts/script.sh") or scriptfile = <<-EOT
 #!/bin/bash
 echo "Hello!!"
 EOT

### Optional

- `variablesupport` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. Whether or not to enable variable support in this script. Defaults to false

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date when script was created in SimpleMDM
- `id` (String) ID of a Script in SimpleMDM
- `updated_at` (String) Date when script was updated in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# devicegroup can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import simplemdm_script.example 123456
```

Commit message:

Expose script metadata in resource and data source

docs/resources/script.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_script Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script resource can be used to manage Scripts.
---

# simplemdm_script (Resource)

Script resource can be used to manage Scripts.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_script" "test" {
  name            = "This is test script"
  scriptfile      = file("./testfiles/testscript.sh")
  variablesupport = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Required. A name for the Script. Example: "My First Script managed by terraform"
- `scriptfile` (String) Required. Can be directly string or you can use function 'file' or 'templatefile' to load string from file. Emaple: scriptfile = file("./scripts/script.sh") or scriptfile = <<-EOT
 #!/bin/bash
 echo "Hello!!"
 EOT

### Optional

- `variablesupport` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean true or false. Whether or not to enable variable support in this script. Defaults to false

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date when script was created in SimpleMDM
- `created_by` (String) User that created the Script in SimpleMDM
- `id` (String) ID of a Script in SimpleMDM
- `updated_at` (String) Date when script was updated in SimpleMDM

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# devicegroup can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.
terraform import simplemdm_script.example 123456
```
