docs/resources/scriptjob.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_scriptjob Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script resource can be used to manage Scripts Jobs.
---

# simplemdm_scriptjob (Resource)

Script resource can be used to manage Scripts Jobs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_scriptjob" "test" {
  script_id              = "35"
  device_ids             = ["1", "2", "3"]
  group_ids              = ["4", "5"]
  assignment_group_ids   = ["6", "7"]
  custom_attribute       = "greeting_attribute"
  custom_attribute_regex = "\\n"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Script job targeting specific devices with custom attribute filtering
resource "simplemdm_script" "update_software" {
  name            = "Software Update Script"
  scriptfile      = file("${path.module}/scripts/update.sh")
  variablesupport = true
}

resource "simplemdm_assignmentgroup" "production_servers" {
  name = "Production Servers"
}

resource "simplemdm_scriptjob" "scheduled_update" {
  script_id = simplemdm_script.update_software.id

  # Target specific assignment groups
  assignment_group_ids = [
    simplemdm_assignmentgroup.production_servers.id,
  ]

  # Use custom attribute to pass data to the script
  custom_attribute = "update_window"

  # Filter devices based on attribute value using regex
  custom_attribute_regex = "^(night|weekend)$"
}

output "job_status" {
  description = "Script job execution details"
  value = {
    id        = simplemdm_scriptjob.scheduled_update.id
    script_id = simplemdm_scriptjob.scheduled_update.script_id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `script_id` (String) Required. The ID of the script to be run on the devices

### Optional

- `assignment_group_ids` (Set of String) A comma separated list of assignment group IDs to run the script on. All macOS devices from these assignment groups will be included At least one of `device_ids`, `group_ids`, or `assignment_group_ids` must be provided.
- `custom_attribute` (String) Optional. If provided the output from the script will be stored in this custom attribute on each device.
- `custom_attribute_regex` (String) Optional. Used to sanitize the output from the script before storing it in the custom attribute. Can be left empty but \n is recommended.
- `device_ids` (Set of String) A comma separated list of device IDs to run the script on. At least one of `device_ids`, `group_ids`, or `assignment_group_ids` must be provided.
- `group_ids` (Set of String) A comma separated list of group IDs to run the script on. All macOS devices from these groups will be included. At least one of `device_ids`, `group_ids`, or `assignment_group_ids` must be provided.

### Read-Only

- `content` (String) Script contents that were executed by the job.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp returned by the API.
- `created_by` (String) User or API key that created the job.
- `devices` (Attributes List) Execution results for each targeted device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `errored_count` (Number) Number of devices that failed to execute the script.
- `id` (String) ID of a Script Job in SimpleMDM
- `job_identifier` (String) Identifier reported by the SimpleMDM API for the job.
- `job_name` (String) Human friendly name of the job.
- `pending_count` (Number) Number of devices that have not yet reported a result.
- `script_name` (String) Name of the script that was executed.
- `status` (String) Current execution status of the job.
- `success_count` (Number) Number of devices that completed successfully.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp returned by the API.
- `variable_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether the script supports variables.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Device identifier.
- `response` (String) Output returned by the device, when available.
- `status` (String) Execution status reported for the device.
- `status_code` (String) Optional status code returned by the device.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Script Jobs can be imported by specifying the job ID.
terraform import simplemdm_scriptjob.example  123456
```

Commit message:

docs: update scriptJob documentation to reflect all bug fixes
- Updated job_identifier description to clarify it's different from numeric ID
- Added all new fields to scriptjobs data source documentation
- Added pagination parameters (limit, starting_after) to scriptjobs examples
- Added device relationship information to scriptjobs schema
- Removed assignment_group_name from scriptjobs (not provided by API)

docs/resources/scriptjob.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "simplemdm_scriptjob Resource - simplemdm"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Script resource can be used to manage Scripts Jobs.
---

# simplemdm_scriptjob (Resource)

Script resource can be used to manage Scripts Jobs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "simplemdm_scriptjob" "test" {
  script_id              = "35"
  device_ids             = ["1", "2", "3"]
  group_ids              = ["4", "5"]
  assignment_group_ids   = ["6", "7"]
  custom_attribute       = "greeting_attribute"
  custom_attribute_regex = "\\n"
}
```

```terraform
# Advanced Example - Script job targeting specific devices with custom attribute filtering
resource "simplemdm_script" "update_software" {
  name            = "Software Update Script"
  scriptfile      = file("${path.module}/scripts/update.sh")
  variablesupport = true
}

resource "simplemdm_assignmentgroup" "production_servers" {
  name = "Production Servers"
}

resource "simplemdm_scriptjob" "scheduled_update" {
  script_id = simplemdm_script.update_software.id

  # Target specific assignment groups
  assignment_group_ids = [
    simplemdm_assignmentgroup.production_servers.id,
  ]

  # Use custom attribute to pass data to the script
  custom_attribute = "update_window"

  # Filter devices based on attribute value using regex
  custom_attribute_regex = "^(night|weekend)$"
}

output "job_status" {
  description = "Script job execution details"
  value = {
    id        = simplemdm_scriptjob.scheduled_update.id
    script_id = simplemdm_scriptjob.scheduled_update.script_id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `script_id` (String) Required. The ID of the script to be run on the devices

### Optional

- `assignment_group_ids` (Set of String) A comma separated list of assignment group IDs to run the script on. All macOS devices from these assignment groups will be included At least one of `device_ids`, `group_ids`, or `assignment_group_ids` must be provided.
- `custom_attribute` (String) Optional. If provided the output from the script will be stored in this custom attribute on each device.
- `custom_attribute_regex` (String) Optional. Used to sanitize the output from the script before storing it in the custom attribute. Can be left empty but \n is recommended.
- `device_ids` (Set of String) A comma separated list of device IDs to run the script on. At least one of `device_ids`, `group_ids`, or `assignment_group_ids` must be provided.
- `group_ids` (Set of String) A comma separated list of group IDs to run the script on. All macOS devices from these groups will be included. At least one of `device_ids`, `group_ids`, or `assignment_group_ids` must be provided.

### Read-Only

- `content` (String) Script contents that were executed by the job.
- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp returned by the API.
- `created_by` (String) User or API key that created the job.
- `devices` (Attributes List) Execution results for each targeted device. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--devices))
- `errored_count` (Number) Number of devices that failed to execute the script.
- `id` (String) ID of a Script Job in SimpleMDM
- `job_identifier` (String) Short identifier string for the job (maps to API's 'job_id' field, different from the numeric ID).
- `job_name` (String) Human friendly name of the job.
- `pending_count` (Number) Number of devices that have not yet reported a result.
- `script_name` (String) Name of the script that was executed.
- `status` (String) Current execution status of the job.
- `success_count` (Number) Number of devices that completed successfully.
- `updated_at` (String) Last update timestamp returned by the API.
- `variable_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether the script supports variables.

<a id="nestedatt--devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `devices`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Device identifier.
- `response` (String) Output returned by the device, when available.
- `status` (String) Execution status reported for the device.
- `status_code` (String) Optional status code returned by the device.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Script Jobs can be imported by specifying the job ID.
terraform import simplemdm_scriptjob.example  123456
```
